Add EventsExecutor release notes (#3662)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Iron-Irwini.rst

There are examples on how to use this in https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/2041.

Introduction of a new executor type: the Events Executor
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

The ``EventsExecutor`` from iRobot has been merged into the main ``rclcpp`` codebase.
This alternative executor implementation uses event-driven callbacks from the middleware implementations to fire callbacks at the ``rclcpp`` layer.
In addition to the push-based model, the `EventsExecutor` also moves timer management into a separate thread, which can allow for more accurate results and lower overhead, especially with many timers.

The ``EventsExecutor`` has a substantial set of documentation and use-in-practice that make a strong candidate for inclusion the the ``rclcpp`` codebase.
For information about the initial implementation proposal as well as performance benchmarks, see https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-middleware-change-proposal/15863.
For more information about the design, see the design PR: https://github.com/ros2/design/pull/305.

> Since the API is the same, trying the ``EventsExecutor`` is as straighforward as replacing your current Execotr implmentation (eg. ``SingleThreadedExecutor``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the API is the same, trying the ``EventsExecutor`` is as straightforward as replacing your current Executor implementation (eg. ``SingleThreadedExecutor``):
```

> The ``EventsExecutor`` from iRobot has been merged into the main ``rclcpp`` codebase.
> This alternative executor implementation uses event-driven callbacks from the middleware implementations to fire callbacks at the ``rclcpp`` layer.
> In addition to the push-based model, the `EventsExecutor` also moves timer management into a separate thread, which can allow for more accurate results and lower overhead, especially with many timers.
> 
> The ``EventsExecutor`` has a substantial set of documentation and use-in-practice that make a strong candidate for inclusion the the ``rclcpp`` codebase.
> For information about the initial implementation proposal as well as performance benchmarks, see https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-middleware-change-proposal/15863.
> For more information about the design, see the design PR: https://github.com/ros2/design/pull/305.
> 
> Since the API is the same, trying the ``EventsExecutor`` is as straighforward as replacing your current Execotr implmentation (eg. ``SingleThreadedExecutor``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``EventsExecutor`` from iRobot has been merged into the main ``rclcpp`` codebase.
This alternative executor implementation uses event-driven callbacks from the middleware implementations to fire callbacks at the ``rclcpp`` layer.
In addition to the push-based model, the `EventsExecutor` also moves timer management into a separate thread, which can allow for more accurate results and lower overhead, especially with many timers.

The ``EventsExecutor`` has a substantial set of documentation and use-in-practice that make it a strong candidate for inclusion in the ``rclcpp`` codebase.
For information about the initial implementation proposal as well as performance benchmarks, see https://discourse.ros.org/t/ros2-middleware-change-proposal/15863.
For more information about the design, see the design PR: https://github.com/ros2/design/pull/305.

Since the API is the same, trying the ``EventsExecutor`` is as straightforward as replacing your current Executor implementation (eg. ``SingleThreadedExecutor``):
```
